Update workshop module descriptions (#21221)
idaholab/moose: tutorials/darcy_thermo_mech/doc/content/workshop/modules/modules.md

## Chemical Reactions

Provides a set of tools for the calculation of multicomponent aqueous
reactive transport in porous media, originally developed as the MOOSE application RAT
[!citep](guo2013).

!---

## Contact

Provides the necessary tools for modeling mechanical contact using
algorithms to enforce constraints between surfaces in the mesh, to prevent penetration and develop
contact forces.

!---

## Contact: Frictional Ironing Problem

!media contact/ironing_gallery.mp4

!---

## External PETSc Solver

Provides support for stand-alone native PETSc applications that

> are I alto be coupled with moose-based applications. Is used as a general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are I alto be coupled with moose-based applications. Is used as a general
```
what does I alto mean

Author: magic

## Chemical Reactions

Provides a set of tools for the calculation of multicomponent aqueous
reactive transport in porous media, originally developed as the MOOSE application RAT
[!citep](guo2013).

!---

## Contact

Provides the necessary tools for modeling mechanical contact using
algorithms to enforce constraints between surfaces in the mesh, to prevent penetration and develop
contact forces.

!---

## Contact: Frictional Ironing Problem

!media contact/ironing_gallery.mp4
  style=margin:auto;
  caption=Frictional ironing model using mortar contact.

!---

## Electromagnetics (coming soon)

The Electromagnetics module provides components and models to simulate electromagnetic wave problems
using MOOSE, and facilitate coupling of electromagnetic simulations to other physical domains.

> Maxwell's Equations is solved for complex fields using a Helmholtz wave equation formulation in 1-D

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maxwell's equations are solved for complex fields using a Helmholtz wave equation formulation in 1-D
```

and 2-D. Electrostatic contact is also provided for imperfect electric interfaces.

!media gallery/dipole_antenna.mp4
  style=width:40%;margin:auto;
  caption=Electric field radiation pattern of half-wave dipole antenna.

!---

## External PETSc Solver

Provides support for stand-alone native PETSc applications that

> are to be coupled with moose-based applications. Is used as a general

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are to be coupled with moose-based applications. It is also a general
```

!---

## Geochemistry

Solves geochemical models. The capabilities include:

- Equilibrium aqueous systems
- Redox disequilibrium
- Sorption and surface complexation
- Kinetics
- All of the above combined with fluid and heat transport

It is designed to interface easily with the porous flow module so that complicated reactive transport scenarios can be studied.

!--

## Heat Conduction

Basic utilities for solving the transient heat conduction equation:

!equation
\rho c_p \pf{T}{t} - \nabla\cdot k \nabla T - s = 0

> Also contains capability for generalized heat transfer. Will likely be renamed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also contains capability for generalized heat transfer (convection, radiation, ...). Will likely be renamed
```
